## 3.43

```
(define (exchange account1 account2)
  (let ((difference (- (account1 'balance)
                       (account2 'balance))))
    ((account1 'withdraw) difference)
    ((account2 'deposit) difference)))

(define (serialized-exchange account1 account2)
  (let ((serializer1 (account1 'serializer))
        (serializer2 (account2 'serializer)))
    ((serializer1 (serializer2 exchange))
     account1
     account2)))
```
> Suppose that the balances in three accounts start out as $10, $20, and $30, and that multiple processes run, exchanging the balances in the accounts. Argue that if the processes are run sequentially, after any number of concurrent exchanges, the account balances should be $10, $20, and $30 in some order.

- If the exchange processes for accounts with balances $10, $20 and $30 are run sequentially, a complete exhange is completed before account's value can be accessed by another exchange processes. Hence the values of account balances will always be 10, 20 and 30 in some order, depending on how they are exchanged. 

- If the calls to serialized version of exhange are run concurrently, no other excange process is allowed to access the balance of an account, while an exchange process accessing the same account is running. This is because `exchange` is serialized with all accounts it accesses. The final results will still be $10, $20 and $30 in some order. 

> Draw a timing diagram like the one in figure 3.29 to show how this condition can be violated if the exchanges are implemented using the first version of the account-exchange program in this section. On the other hand, argue that even with this exchange program, the sum of the balances in the accounts will be preserved.

- By using the non serialized version of exchange, it is possible that the balance of an account is reset between the calculation of difference in balances, and the actual exchange. 

    Consider accounts -
    - a1 : $10
    - a2 : $20
    - a3 : $30

    And the following sequence of concurrent execution -
    - Difference between a1 and a2 is calculated as $10.
    - Difference between a1 and **a3** is calculated as $20.
    - $20 is deposited to a1, $20 is debited from a3.
    - New balance: a1 = $30, a3 = $10
    - Now $10 is deposited to a1, $10 is debited from a2, as per difference calculated earlier.
    - New balance: a1 = $40, a2 = $10

As we can see, the sum of balances is still preserved, because the exhanges still involve valid transactions among the 3 accounts. Since the transactions of individual accounts are serialized, there will never be an inconsistency in balance, and the total sum remains the same as before. 

> Draw a timing diagram to show how even this condition would be violated if we did not serialize the transactions on individual accounts. 

- As before -

    Consider accounts -
    - a1 : $10
    - a2 : $20
    - a3 : $30

    And the following sequence of concurrent execution -
    - Difference between a1 and a2 is calculated as $10.
    - Difference between a1 and **a3** is calculated as $20.
    - Now $10 is deposited to a1, $10 is debited from a2, as per difference calculated earlier.
    - At the same time $20 is deposited to a1, $20 is debited from a3.
    - New balance of a1 is set as $20 by step 3, and then incorrectly set as $30 by step 4.  
    - New balance: a1 = $30, a2 = $10, a3=$10

Since `deposit` is not serialized, two calls to deposit of the same account a1, read the wrong value of existing balance and reported back an inconsistent value. Hence, sum is not preserved. 

