## 3.44
```
(define (transfer from-account to-account amount)
  ((from-account 'withdraw) amount)
  ((to-account 'deposit) amount))
```
- This procedure will work correctly, the changes suggested by Louis are not required. 
- The difference between the processes `transfer` and `exchange`, is that transfer does not access any local state variables of the account. It only calls the withdraw and deposit procedures that are serialized. Exchange accesses the balance of accounts before it does withdrawals and deposits. Two exchange processes can read an incorrect (and not inconsistent) state if running concurrently. Such a problem does not exist with the transfer procedure and hence the change is not required.

## 3.45
If we use exchange with louis's version, it won't be able to access the withdraw and deposit processes of either accounts. That is because the exchange procedure is serialized with the same serializers under which withdraw and deposit procedures are serialized.

Hence, the withdraw and deposit processes won't be able to run before exchange completes execution. Which it can't do without running those processes. This will result in deadlock.

## 3.46
- If we use the `test-and-set!` procedure without making sure it's atomic, two calls to acquire mutex might read the cell state as `false` before a call was able to change the cell state.  

- Now both processes that requested for mutex will acquire it and be permitted to run concurrently. No serialization is acheived in this case. 